Intro: 

Hi!
I am Adhishwar

I am a Computer Science Engineering undergrad based in chennai skilled in full stack web development with a passion for computers. I'd like to pursue a career in data science. I'm currently doing an iOS course on Udemy and increasing my knowledge in the field of Data science.

Places I've worked at...

1)

Filmak.in
ECR, thiruvanmiyur
(June 2018 - Aug 2018)

Website Admin
. Debugged an already live website
. Added functionalities to the site

2)
Futurenet Technologies
Maduravoyal, Chennai
Dec 2017 - Dec 2017

Data Analytics Intern
. Assisted the Data Analytics in performing analysis on machine generated logs using Splunk to gain operational intelligence

Places I've studied at ...

Rajalakshmi Engineering College, Chennai
(2016-2020)

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering
CGPA: 7.0

Activities and Socities:
. Founder and first President of The Code Club,REC
. Active member of the Entrepreneurship Cell of the College and been a part of the organising team of a national level entrepreneurship conclave. Attended various workshops on the nuances of running a business
. Member of the Debating union and atended national level debates, MUNs and mock G20 summits
. Won the Best Delegate in the mock G20 summit conducted by College of Engineering,Guindy as a part of Kurukshetra
. Designed and developed the website of the first inter college cultural fest hosted by the college

Courses Taken till date: (partial list)
. Database Management Systems
. Computer Networks
. Operating Systems
. Object Oriented Analysis and Design
. Probability and Queueing Theory
. Discrete Mathematics
. Design and Analysis of Algorithms
. Internet Programming
. Theory of Computation 
. Distributed Systems
. Artificial Intelligence
. Data Warehousing and Data Mining (Elective)
Click here to see full course content


Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram, Kilpauk, Chennai
MPC and Computer Science in Higher Secondary
Higher Secondary, Class of 2016
Graduated with an aggregate of 435/500 in the AISSCE and a CGPA of 9.6/10 in SSC
Activities and Societies: 
• An active quizzer and attended national level science quizzes
• Attended various debates and MUNs
• Power forward in the school U-16 Basketball team


Skills i posess ...
C++
C
MySQL
Data structures and algorithms
HTML
CSS
php
Bootstrap
Swift


Tools i'm familiar with ...
Git
macOS
Splunk
Xcode

Links:

https://www.linkedin.com/in/adhishwar-s-268953b2/
adhishwar@yahoo.com
https://github.com/adhishwar
https://www.kaggle.com/adhishwar